Dual panel file manager (like Norton Commander, Midnight Commander or Total Commander).

Unlike regular file managers, it copies and moves files between its two panels,
not that explorer - like copy and paste. Which allows you easier organize the
folders on your sdcard, and always keep the files in place.

Aside the file system on the sdcard, the file manager can also upload or
download files from remote locations such as FTP servers, Windows (aka Samba)
network shares (plug-in required), create or extract ZIP archives.

For the advanced users, this file manager has also the "root:" (su - super
user) mode to work with system files on a rooted phone, change file permissions
attributes (chmod) and even execute your own shell commands. Plus, the "mount:"
mode to browse and remount the file system partitions.

Please note! To multiple select files you tap on the right side of the panel.
To activate a file or enter a folder - on the left side. Yes, one side will
activate, and the other side will select.

The application has a lot of preference options which allow you to adjust its
behavior to your personal habits.

Full list of this file manager's features: multiselect, pictures thumbnails,
favorites, calculation the total size of the selected folders and files,
sorting - by file names, by extension, by size, by date, search for files by
file name, text editor (built-in or external), opening a file with appropriate
application (like install an .apk, view a picture or watch a movie), sending
files via email or bluetooth, many personalization settings, like: custom
colors, custom interface language, custom toolbar set, and, of course, the
standard file manager features, such commands as: create directory, create text
file, delete files and folders, copy files and folders, FTP download, FTP
upload, ZIP creation and extraction, super user mode.

Please visit the web site for more details.
Have questions? Email me (in English).
